Doc site update for Permissionless AN - part 1 (#1250)
onflow/flow: docs/content/node-operation/node-roles.mdx

## Access

> Access nodes act as a proxy to the Flow network. The Access node routes transactions to the correct collection node and routes state queries to execution nodes (while likely caching state to answer queries in a timely manner in the future). Dapps and user agents can submit their transactions to any Access node or run their own if they can't find a service provider they're happy with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access nodes act as a proxy to the Flow network. The Access node routes transactions to the correct collection node and routes state queries to execution nodes (while likely caching state to answer queries in a timely manner in the future). Clients submit their transactions to any Access node or run their own if they can't find a service provider they're happy with.
```

> Access nodes are required to stake a 100  FLOW to be a confirmed node operator. However, since an access node does not participate in block production, it does not receive any staking rewards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Access nodes are required to stake 100 FLOW to be a confirmed node operator. However, since an access node does not participate in block production, it does not receive any staking rewards.
```
